
Unfortunately I failed at my original goal of catching up with my backlog of work this week due to unseen issues. I however feel I did well for catching up with the sprint-2 workload in the limited time I had. Some of the tasks I had to work through slowly to ensure I learnt everything I could, especially when it came to the grid/wireframe structure, as this was a coding practice I had never encountered before. I currently feel that I have a good enough understanding of it, so I hope that when I redesign my webpage I will be able to create a wireframe and sort it into a grid structure without too much time backtracking. I think this approach, while slow at first, will pay off for my form of learning and working in the future. I am slow to learn new concepts, but once I know it, I can retain the information well and access it. I also started taking down notes in a small notebook for lines of code that will be useful for me. Simple elements such as embedding videos, or linking to other pages, etc. Having this personal documentation is useful for me to pull ideas out of a book rather than having to research every time I forget the exact semantics, aswell as retaining the information better by writing it down with a pen. 

I need to push for better time management. I have a lot of bad habits from my time away from study that I need to break. While I can work efficiently when given a schedule, I am too lenient when it comes to following my own schedule. Now that I have a better idea of my weekly schedules and the amount of work I am expected to put into each sprint, I should be able to continue pushing myself to have a better study timeline. I think I was too bold last week to expect to catch up on everything this week. When it came to having all of Wednesday too get work done, unfortunately my household internet was having severe latencey issues, and my mobile data was not enough to support the virtual machine. I had decided to not do any work on the tuesday afternoon as I expected to have all of wednesday, and that came around to bite me. So in the future I need to not expect to get all of my work done on one day, and should aim to at least complete 1 waffle ticket even on my off days. 

I have difficulty pushing myself to start a task, but once I begin I can get in the zone and complete a lot of tasks in a sitting. So all I need to do it get better at starting. Starting now ;)