This week I think I did well in catching up with lasts weeks materials and getting into the designs of my site. Drawing up the wireframe was a daunting task for me, but I found I was able to put myself in an environment that made this process go over smoothly. I first tried drawing with online tools, but I found that sometimes the simplest idea or depiction was strenous to create with the digital tools, so I decided to draw it up with coloured pens on grid paper. 
This was I was able to distinguish coloured sections from each other, which made it easy to see the space and allignments of all the elements on my page. 
To also help me through this process, I found listening to Vinyl records to be very motivating. I would set myself a task to complete by the end of and album, and whenever the side of a record ended, I would have a 1-3 minute break as I went to change sides/record. This felt similar to the pomodoro technique, but less strict about time. This works for me because I have a hard time focussing on something without getting blocked, but I also have a hard time motivating myself to get back to work after a break. With this technique I had short irregular breaks, but also a time boundary in which I was aiming to complete my goal. 

I could improve by applying this technique to more things than just drawing. It could be useful for coding practice too. I also need to assert myself to dive into big daunting projects (like redesigning my blog), as I find that before I start, the tasks appears daunting and I have no idea where to start, but once I begin I am able to just keep building on what I already have in small increments. 